Jump Instructions:
1) break statement: Works only inside a switch statement or a loop.
break statement takes the control to outside of a switch statement or a loop, breaking the execution of that statement. Execution will continue after the switch or loop.
break can be used just like that, without any condition, but in a loop its not useful directly. So better to accompany it with a if statement.
break can take the control out of only one loop or one switch statement.
break statement will not wait for the statements after it, to execute, it will skip all of them.
In a for loop, if break is written, inc/dec section will not execute.
break statement will not break the outer loops in a nested a statement, it will only break the statement to which it belongs.

2) continue statement: works only inside a loop.
continue skips all statements after it, and jumps back to the loop condition in while and do while loops. In for loop, it will jump back to inc/dec section.
continue will also work for only one loop. The outer loops will work as they are.

3)goto statement:
a label in a program is an identifier that is used to mark some statements as jumping points in a program.
If only labels are there in a program, they are not going to make any difference to the program output.
Lables are effective only if goto statements are used.

goto statement is used to jump from one point in a function to another within same function. Inorder to mention the destination to jump, we use labels.

eg., goto LBL; // this will take control to the point where LBL is mentioned, and execution will continue from that point.
goto can take control to forward or backward. Backward jumps work like a loop.
goto statement however is not recommended for creation of loops or jumping as already functionality is provided interms of loop statements and functions.
realtime usage of goto statement is, to jump out of a nested loop/nested switch, when some condition is met, which is not possible with break statement.
a label if used, should not be left empty. Minimum one statement must be there after the label. Labels within one function should be unique.
